exorcism is alive and well
the Bible is filled with demons if you
believe in God you have to believe in
the devil we're looking for the Sweetzer
phone you want to make a u-turn and then
I want you to go back where you came
from
these Go Go seems like the end of the
road mr. Sweetzer how you doing not
Marcus my wife died two years ago it's
quite a shock for now were you very
close she's my best friend
somehow the devil cut in
now can you hear me yeah good nothing to
be nervous about what is it this cut me
to risk fleet's help yeah let him come
now where's Mel in the fire
No
Omega
let's get out of here if you can't say
my daughter so I will
daddy the sky